Today, I’ve been discussing
with people the identity of Jesus Christ.
What are your thoughts about Jesus?
I think he was a good man.
He certainly was.
In fact, he was
the greatest man who ever lived.
But the Bible identifies him
as being much more than that.
Consider what we read here at Matthew 16:16.
Jesus has just asked his disciples
who they believe he is.
Notice their response:
“Simon Peter answered: ‘You are the Christ,
the Son of the living God.’”
So according to this verse, who was Jesus?
Was Jesus just a good man, or more?
More.
It says he was the Son of God.
That’s right.
Of course, we might wonder,
‘Since Jesus is the Son of God
—and a perfect Son at that—
why did he die?’
Maybe we can discuss
the Bible’s answer the next time we talk.
Yes, I’d like that.